hello everyone I want to first give a
special shout out to a video MC last
night I'm sorry I'm pronouncing your
name wrong she's my friend on facebook
she's like my lock twin we have bangs we
have curly long locks and she's such a
sweetheart so I want this give a shout
out to her and all of our new studies
we're going to do another hair how to on
t shirt cuff curls and I do mean t-shirt
when I say teacher girls people did this
way back in the day when they couldn't
afford to buy rollers and you can have
permed hair natural hair curly hair
locks just use a t-shirt cut it up and
use it to roll your hair so i cut my
t-shirt up and strips i have two hundred
twenty lakhs and I game the clip 4 lakhs
per um t-shirt roller in my head leave
me about fifty four strips that I'll
need and i'll show you guys how I do it
and then we'll return a few hours later
because it's sweltering here I'm sure my
hair is going to drive very very fast
it's not very wet right now and the
curls will come out nice so I'll take my
four locks for me if you have ticker
locks you probably will use less locks
maybe two locks maybe even one lock you
want them to make sure that dries
completely I have three let's say four
one two three four and since my hair is
my drenching wet I'm going to surely
take my hair and wet it again just to
make sure that I get my optimum curl so
here's my for box here's the strip of
t-shirt you take it right in the middle
of the t-shirt as you would any other
roller and you roll your hair around
wrap it around pretty tight you roll it
up
it's hot but I still like my hair with a
small curl in it when I'm styling it so
I'm doing this to get a different effect
versus the pipe cleaners I didn't want
such a tight curl and they still don't
hurt when I go to sleep at night either
well they don't hurt if I'm just laying
around so you roll it as tight as you
possibly can once you get as tight as
you can take the two ends and you tie it
that's it there's one I'll do a couple
more on the video and then I'll be back
these curls only last about a week some
people can push it to two but the nicest
high despite center so these curls just
want list is long but they're still cute
so it's a nice variation you know it
takes long to do is the pipe little
curls these curls probably take about
30-45 minutes if you roll and a decent
pace some people it may still take a
hour maybe two but it shouldn't really
shouldn't once you get to as tight as
you possibly can take it some ends tie
it once and that's it I'll do one more
on the video and then you'll see me once
I curl all of my hair make sure that
t-shirt it's clean till you don't want a
nasty t-shirt in your hair that's
disgusting but Oprah store shirt old
t-shirt that you just don't want anymore
cut it up and you have instant hairstyle
here's the floor this would be the last
one I do on the camera and then I see
you guys really soon oh and we're almost
at 300 subbies thank you guys so much
let's keep them coming I have a couple
of sponsors who agreed to possibly do a
giveaway and I think we should do this
once we hit 500 so please tell your
friends I want to do a great giveaway
and I want to thank everyone for
supporting so far because we've come a
long way in such a short time and we
just intend to help as many people as
possible
this is to the root as tight as you
possibly can tie the ends that's it okay
I'll see you guys when i'm done by okay
guys i'm back these are the results of
the t-shirt curls they're much loose
curl so you don't have to pick a lot as
much is the front use the back and
that's it so if you have any questions
put them down in the comment section
below I kind of swooped my bangs to the
side and pinned them a little bit for
added effect we love you guys so much
and we thank you so much for following
us please look at our blog at www cow's
natural hair that blogspot com and
follow us on twitter at cow's natural
thank you so much and we'll see you soon
I'm in Cal standing out by